{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green100\blue164;\red68\green68\blue68;\red0\green150\blue149;
}
\margl1701\margr850\margb1134\margt1134\vieww22520\viewh16740\viewkind1\viewscale140
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0\qc

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 FxPro\'99\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
Congratulations on purchasing 
\i\b FxPro\'99
\i0\b0  - a comprehensive AAA image effects solution for desktop and mobile games! 
\i\b FxPro\'99
\i0\b0  brings you high-quality Bloom, Depth-of-Field, Lens Curvature, Lens Dirt, Chromatic Aberration, Color Correction and cinematic Film Grain all in one.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs36 \cf0 \
\
Quick Start\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 It\'92s very easy to get started with 
\i\b FxPro\'99
\i0\b0 :\
1. Select the camera you\'92d like to apply the effect to.\
2. Attach 
\i\b FxPro\'99
\i0\b0  component by going to 
\i\b Component => Image Effects => FxPro\'99
\i0\b0 \
3. Press play!\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs36 \cf0 Effect parameters
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Quality\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 	Set a suitable quality level for your target platform. Reduce the quality if you experience performance issues on the target device.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Half Resolution\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 	This option is only available in Fast and Fastest quality levels. Enable this option it you\'92re experiencing performance issues on mobile devices.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs28 \cf0 \
Bloom Settings
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Visualize	\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 	
\b0 Turn this option on to see what parts of your scene are going to bloom. Use for troubleshooting the bloom effect.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 \
Bloom Tint	\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 	Adds a color tint to your bloom effect. Useful when not using the HDR color buffer, because this allows making the bloom not entirely white. Use colors with high 
\i\b value
\i0\b0  and 
\i\b low
\i0\b0  saturation.\
\pard\tx5102\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 	\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 Bloom Threshold	\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 	By increasing this value you can make a higher range of colors in your scene bloom. Lower values allow for a \'93dreamy\'94 look. Recommended values are 0.7 and higher. This option isn\'92t available with 
\i\b HDR
\i0\b0  enabled in camera settings.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Bloom Intensity\
	
\b0 Increasing this parameter will make the effect brighter. Please note that actual intensity may vary depending on the GPU. You may have to manually set the intensity from a script, based on the target device. The actual intensity may also be inconsistent between Forward and Deferred rendering paths.\
\

\b Bloom Softness\
	
\b0 Adjusting this parameter will have an effect on the bloom gradient. Higher values will give you a softer bloom look, while lower values will make the bloom edge appear harder.\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Depth-of-Field Settings
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Visualize	\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 	
\b0 Turn this option on to see what parts of your scene are going to be out-of-focus. Use this for troubleshooting Depth-of-Field.\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Bokeh	\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 	
\b0 Makes out-of-focus highlights look round, by simulating a real-world camera aperture. Bokeh may be resource intensive, and should be disabled on lower-end/mobile devices.\
\
	
\b Highlight Threshold:
\b0  Defines areas that will be considered highlights. Lower value means that more pixels will be affected by bokeh.\
	\
	
\b Bokeh Gain:
\b0  Increasing this value will make the bokeh effect look more prominent.\
\

\b \
Blur COC\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 	Makes Depth-of-Field more accurate at the edges of objects. 
\b \

\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Auto-Focus\
	
\b0 Makes camera focus automatically on objects at the centre of the screen.
\b  
\b0 Note, that you should attach colliders to objects that you'd like the camera to focus on, otherwise the auto-focus feature won't work.\
\

\b 	Layers: 
\b0 You can set what layers in particular the camera will focus on.
\b \
\
	Speed:
\b0  How fast the camera focuses on objects.\
\

\b Target\
	
\b0 Use this option if you\'92d like camera to focus on some particular objects. This option becomes available when autofocus is disabled.
\b \
\
Focal Length Multiplier\
	
\b0 Increasing this value will make the Depth-of-Field shallower, while decreasing it will make Depth-of-Field wider.
\b \
\
Depth Compression\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 	Compresses the depth buffer. This option is most useful for getting more precision out of alpha channel for COC calculation (when 
\b Use Unity Depth Buffer
\b0  option is enabled).
\b \
\
DOF Strength
\b0 \
	Adjusts the size of Depth-of-Field blur radius. Higher values will result in the out-of-focus areas being blurrier.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Double Intensity\
	
\b0 Makes Depth-of-Field more intense. Unlike the DOF Strength option above, this option doesn\'92t decrease effect quality. Beware that turning this option on will have a performance impact.\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Lens Settings
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Lens Dirt
\b0 \
	Increasing this parameter will make the lens dirt effect stronger. Setting this to zero will disable the effect altogether. \
\

\b Lens Dirt Texture\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 	You can find a lens dirt texture in the 
\i\b FxPro/Textures
\i0\b0  directory. More textures are going to be added in future updates. You may use a lens dirt texture of your own as well.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Chromatic Aberration\
	
\b0 Enables or disables 
\i\b chromatic aberration
\i0\b0 . Chromatic aberration makes your scene appear more photorealistic. While this feature has a low impact on performance, you may decide to disable it on lower-end platforms.\
\
	
\b Precise:
\b0  Makes the effect more precise by decreasing the starting intensity of the effect. Enabling this option makes the effect run slower; this option should be disabled on lower-end/mobile devices.\

\b \
	Offset:
\b0  Allows you to adjust intensity of the effect.\
\

\b Film Grain\
	
\b0 Simulates cinematic film-grain effect (as seen in many top Hollywood movies).\

\b \
	Scale:
\b0  Allows you to adjust scale of the effect by making it larger or smaller.\

\b \
Vignetting\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 	Reduces image's brightness at the periphery compared to the image center.\
\
	It\'92s possible to adjust vignetting gradient by opening 
\i\b FxPro.shader
\i0\b0  and adjusting the value at the following line:\
	#define VIGNETTING_POWER 1\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Color Effects
\b0\fs24 \
	Color effects add an artistic touch to your scene.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Depth-based color grading
\b0 \
	This effect improves depth perception of the scene by making closer pixels appear warmer, and further away pixels appear colder.\
	
\b Close/far tint:	
\b0 Colors used for depth-based color grading.\

\b \
	Close/far tint strength:
\b0  Influence of each tint plane on the final image.\
\

\b Desaturate Darks\
	
\b0 An artistic effect that makes darker colors (shadows) appear desaturated.\
\

\b Haze\
	
\b0 Haze is an atmospheric phenomenon where dust, smoke and other dry particles obscure the clarity of the sky. The effect works by desaturating far away pixels.\
\

\b Fog\
	
\b0 Depth-based non-exponential fog, mobile-ready.\
\

\b 	Tint: 
\b0 Fog color\

\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 	Fog density may be adjusted by going to 
\i\b FxPro.shader
\i0\b0  and modifying the following line:\
	#define FOG_DENSITY 1\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 S-Curve
\b0 \
	The most important color effect. Makes shadows darker, and highlights brighter. Make sure to use S-Curve color correction when using 
\b Bloom
\b0  Effect \'96 it will recover overall scene brightness after bloom has been applied.\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs36 \cf0 Setting up shaders to work with Bloom\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 	By default 
\i\b FxPro\'99
\i0\b0  will make bright pixels bloom - any color brighter than the threshold will be affected. However it\'92s recommended to use emissive(such as default self-illumin) shaders to make particular objects glow brighter. To make your surface shaders glow make sure to output to 
\i\b SurfaceOutput\'92s Emission
\i0\b0 , e.g.:\
\
	
\f1 \cf2 fixed4\cf3  tex = \cf4 tex2D\cf3 (_MainTex, IN.uv_MainTex);
\f0 \cf0 \
	
\f1 \cf3 o.\cf4 Emission\cf3  = _EmissionColor * tex.\cf2 rgb\cf3  * tex.\cf2 a\cf3 ;
\f0 \cf0 \
	\
	You may use the included additive particle system shader \'96 
\i\b Particles/Additive Intensity
\i0\b0 . It allows you to explicitly set particle system intensity.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs36 \cf0 Running on mobile devices\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 	Although 
\i\b FxPro\'99
\i0\b0  has been heavily optimized, we cannot guarantee that it will run properly on all GPUs/older low-end mobile devices. If you experience performance issues on some mobile devices then you may set the effect 
\i\b Quality
\i0\b0  lower. Depending on the hardware you may also want to disable the 
\i\b Chromatic Aberration
\i0\b0  option.\
	Intensity may vary on different platforms. On the actual device the visual appearance may be different from the editor.\
	Enabling the Half Resolution option may also be very helpful on mobile devices.\
\
	Due to GPU differences it\'92s also impossible for us to make sure that the effect will run correctly on all range of mobile devices (as well as any other complex image effect). If you experience issues running FxPro on some Android devices, please send us a device log for further investigation:\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs36 \cf0 Changing values with code\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 	\
	It\'92s possible to change values of the effect with code. Make sure to call 
\i\b FxPro.Init()
\i0\b0  after making any changes. Example:\
	\
	var fxPro = camera.GetComponent<FxPro>();\
	fxPro.DOFParams.AutoFocusSpeed = 10f;\
	fxPro.Init();\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs36 \cf0 Support
\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 If you have questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at 
\b \ul goldenzebrasoftware@gmail.com
\b0 \ulnone , we will be glad to help you out.
\f2\fs22 \
}